Overall, for iteration 2 we achieved almost everything that was planned to do for the features. There were still issues with the database (one of the tables was not being created) up to the very last hour before submitting. But the next day, when we started working on iteration 3 that issue was fixed and now there are no problems with the database. 
Our main technical debt for iteration 2 is testing, because database implementation and other files were changing almost every day, and we were late on the schedule for the features, our group decided that we should focus on implementing the features and the database for iteration 2; and leave all testing for iteration 3, knowingly that if we discover any problems during testing we would have to fix it this iteration. Because of that, our group started working on testing on day 1 of iteration 3. Success will be evaluated based on amount/coverage and quality of tests written and all of them must pass.
Another technical debt is cleaning of our code. For iteration 3 we need to remove all hardcoded information and create variables for those. Implement more error handling (try catch, throws exception, all that good stuff). Remove all unused dead code. Success will be measured by paid debts (If all cleaning tasks will be done).
As said before, due to the problems with the database, we had to change what features will be delivered for iteration 2, and since the DB was fixed, we can now work on intended features and try to implement all of them before the due date. Success will be measured based on number of features implemented. 
For the workflow, there were some issues where group members were now following the branching strategy, but as a team we explained what the issue was, why doing it the wrong way is bad for our project, and also showed the proper way and clarified any questions about our branching strategy to all group members.  
Time management is our main problem since the very first iteration, but for this iteration everything is under control and up to date. To measure success, we have with time management for this iteration we would use the number of features implemented and amount of time left before the due date (if we implement everything we planned and have more than 24 hours before due date, then it would mean that there were no issues with time management for iteration 3).
